Clean up webpack-plugin (#459)
seek-oss/vanilla-extract: .changeset/silly-shirts-deny.md

---
'@vanilla-extract/webpack-plugin': patch
---

Remove "Styles detected outside of '.css.(ts/js)' files" error

> This error could occasionaly cause false positives and was inconsistant with the rest of the integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error could occasionally cause false positives, and was inconsistent with the rest of the integrations.
```
